Updates to documentation (#117)
sodascience/metasynth: docs/source/usage/interactive_tutorials.rst

Interactive Tutorials
=====================

> If you're new to Python or simply want to quickly explore the basic features of MetaSynth, you can try one of the following interactive tutorials. They provide a step-by-step walkthrough and example dataset to help you get started. At the moment, there are two interactive tutorials available. A basic and an adanced one. Both will take you through the process of :doc:`/usage/generating_metadata` and :doc:`/usage/generating_synthetic_data`, though the advanced one goes in more depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to Python or simply want to quickly explore the basic features of MetaSynth, you can try one of the following interactive tutorials. They provide a step-by-step walkthrough and example dataset to help you get started. At the moment, there are two interactive tutorials available. A basic and an advanced one. Both will take you through the process of :doc:`/usage/generating_metadata` and :doc:`/usage/generating_synthetic_data`, with the advanced one going in more depth and showing more features of MetaSynth.
```
